---
title: Aesthetic update and todo updates.
date: 2026-06-30
tags: [portfolio-website, webdev]
grouping: portfolio-website
tldr: Updates on changes I've made to the website since last blog post.
---
I'm starting really get carried away just working on random things on my website. Ever since the blog post, I've (found what I think is) a better way to display that there are more projects/blog posts to be seen on the home page. I've also removed the entire blogpost section on individual project pages if there are none to be shown.
It also seems that the more look at my code, the more I see that I've done unnecessarily complex things but I guess thats part of the learning process. Like I can just tell things are kinda messy and am now looking at the value of comments and such. I'm also unsure if my file structure makes complete sense and I just wish I had a coach that could review all my code to tell me (politely because I'm sensitive) what I can improve.

However, I'm aware of some straight foward things that I want to implementm, these things are:
* Seach filter for blog posts and/or projects. I also need to figure out how i'd want it to function. Does a search have its own page?, is it linked to the list components?
* Theme selector: I want the user to be able to choose their favourite colour as a highlight and a light/dark mode. In addition to this I need to standardise and enforce some typography such that keep my code 'dry'. I don't want to be repeating the same classes for every instance of what could be classified as a 'title' or 'subtitle'.
* Lessen the reliance on the github api so much for the display of projects and implement non-github projects.
