---
title: Ahhh... deployment!
date: 2026-05-25
tags: [portfolio-website, webdev, deployment]
grouping: portfolio-website
tldr: Documenting the process of deploying the portfolio-website
---
Oh my oh my. I finally did it! I DEPLOYED MY WEBSITE OH YEAHH!!!
I also made a linked in post you can read [here](https://www.linkedin.com/posts/lemdc_lems-portfolio-share-7464584734132690944-ZQEp/?utm_source=social_share_send&utm_medium=member_desktop_web&rcm=ACoAADKmcGgBkAFID-M8044oAca3zM7KuEgnCRg) that I wrote with the help of my partner, giving a pretty succinct summary of my thoughts whist developing this website.

I deployed it using vercel which was really easy! But I also ended up buying a domain name (`https://www.lemdelac.online`) and doing the steps to set it up and... it ended up not working. until I repeated the steps shown on the vercel website for the third time. 

Le sigh, technology man. I literally did the same thing three times in a row. 🥲

Anyways heres the post if you didn't want to read it on linkedIn (if you do give it a like or something 👍😁)

> I’ve been studying software engineering for almost 6 years now. Technically.
> 
> Why haven’t I graduated yet? Because I’ve got one more unit, one more step I need to accomplish before I do. This unit is one that requires industry experience, but as we all know, it’s been a STRUGGLE out here trying to find work and/or internships in the tech field. It’s an oversaturated market. 
> 
> Yet... that’s not the only reason why it’s been hard for me.
> 
> As I was applying, I soon realised that I haven’t been confident in my abilities as a software engineer, and thus my ability to make it in this industry. I haven’t created something, or worked on a project that I could say I was wholly proud of.
>
> I wanted to be proud of something. Something to be confident in showing off on my resume.
>
> So, why not give it a go and make something I can be proud of? 
>
> I had that thought 3 months ago, and ever since, I've been working on (slowly but surely) finally building something I might be able to be proud of. A portfolio/blogging website.
> 
> Yes, Its simple. But it all starts with something.
> Yes, I could’ve easily asked AI to do it for me. But that’s not me. I wanted to understand the ins and outs, wanted to study the problems that rose up and know why they were there.
> Yes, others might've been able to code a website in significantly lower amount of time. But the important thing is, I'm giving it a go. I got frustrated, confused, and lazy. But I kept going, learnt more, slowly regained my confidence and passion for learning about software. 
> 
> This website marks the first project in a journey of many. I'm so excited and I know there are so many more interesting things to learn and work on (even within my website). 
> 
> I hope whoever is reading this, whether it be a software engineer like me, a student, an employer, or I just happened to fall on your algorithm, that you stick around for my journey. Or, are at least inspired to start your own project!
