---
title: Finish line in sight pt.2
date: 2026-05-22
tags: [portfolio-website, webdev, job-seeking]
grouping: portfolio-website
tldr: Documenting progress content parsing and discussing job-seeking
---
Whoa the finish line really is in sight now! I just finished implementing the `@tailwind/typography` plugin for styling markdown and things are looking good. I was pretty intimidated to use it and by the 'magic' of it. Like I got NO CLUE how it really works under the hood BUT at least I know how to work it. It didn't even take much assistance from AI because I didn't encounter any real problems.

Now all I got left is to fetch each projects github repos `README.md` files and parse that markdown content. Then i'll be happy to deploy. 

I'm really excited to have something to show for the work that i've put in. Even though it might be a simple blogging/portfolio website I think it's still something i'm super proud of, and something that i'll be happy to show employers. In the end, my motivation is to get into the industry for now. I just want to make money doing something that involves creating, and I started studying software because I thought it was the best avenue for that. I might have had a few hiccups here and there but I'm giving it a go now.

I was talking to a my partner and a friend, and one thing that remains consistent for getting a job is trying to connect with the employer. I think before the creation of this website, I had a real mental block on reaching out to employers because I had nothing to show for it -- or at least nothing I was proud of. I fell into a rut because of it and practically gave up until getting inspiration from the people around me to just keep trying.

So I will have my ups and downs, but I never want to stop trying until im certain i've given it a good go.