---
title: SVGs and links to socials
date: 2026-03-16
tags: [portfolio-website, webdev]
main-tag: portfolio-website
---

I've had trouble getting the SVGs working and so I asked AI for help, prompting for a report comparing several approaches on using SVGs with react and tailwind. It resulted in the following table, recommending the use of SVGR. The thing is, the last time I tried to set up SVGR with my project I ran into some trouble. Something about next.js no longer using webpack... I'll give it another go though because I understand that setting up tools and configuration is an important part of developing.

Method|Type Safety|Perf (JS Size)|Styling Depth|Learning Curve
|---|---|---|---|---|
Registry|High|Low|High|Easy
SVGR|High|Medium|High|Medium
Sprites|Low|High|Low|Medium
Framer|High|Low|Highest|Hard

*Update:* Yea it doesn't work because my version of next `Next.js version: 16.1.6 (Turbopack)` uses turbopack (as shown) instead of webpack. When I prompted for fixes it suggested I:
* probably have to use a less 'cutting edge' version of Next,
* **or** use a svg library like `lucide-react` (Which contain the icons that ted uses for his [website](https://tedawf.com/)), 
* **or** just manually convert it (or use the SVGR CLI tool),
* **or** use `@svgr/core` package which is _apparently_ compatible with turbo pack.

And so I was looking at the documentation for setting up with `npm i @svgr/core` *but* I can't find anything of use for starting from scratch. What the literal helly. WHY AM I GETTING STUCK ON IMPORTING ICONS ARRGHH.

