---
title: Motivation and freedom
date: 2026-03-30
tags: [portfolio-website, webdev]
main-tag: portfolio-website
---

With the amount of freedom I've had, I should be working more but instead I find myself working only maybe a tiny bit more. The rest of my free time goes to enjoying an interesting documentary. But then I find that i'm not really enjoying because I feel like i'm procrastinating. What a contradiction le sigh. Isn't it crazy that the surplus of 'freedom' becomes stifling to motivation. 

Anyways onto what little productive things I *have* done recently:
* I finally fixed the little things I've been needing to fix and just ironed out (relatively) what I do have.
* I also tried to start using WSL with all my projects and trying to learn to use all those version managers with this project (just `nvm` haha).
* And I've got back into [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/), a course for full stack web dev. I feel like I need to finish it to gain knowledge of best practice and whatnot but I heard that it can take upwards of a year for completion.
* I did edited my resume in preparation to upload to the site (I mention projects that i'm not too proud of so i kinda want to 'refurbish them')

I still want to add a few small things (TODO):
* Add live time when hover location (stretch: add map api to show on hover)
* link actual resume
* (the big one) add github api to show projects

Also quick note: the icons i've been using are part of a big pack of theme found [here](https://allsvgicons.com/pack/tabler/). 
