---
title: Understanding SVGR and trying not to 'black box'
date: 2026-03-18
tags: [portfolio-website, webdev]
main-tag: portfolio-website
---

I admit it... the way I stubbornly try to always understand the process of things really is an inconvenience. It's the reason why-- even though I was immensely excited to learn webdev at uni-- I never got into it. There was too much 'magic' going on. We would learn about html, css, js, and http, then we'd skip a few steps and end up using some magical 'framework' shenanigans to make a website in 'react' because it was the modern standard. I understood none of it, and thats why I was stagnant in learning it, and i'm thats also the case with why some people would not get to learning about it too. Maybe I was subconsciously icked by what I didn't understand... wow philosophical... I guess I could work on that... 

Anywhooo, as soon as I had identified that as a mental road block, I leveraged AI to help explain how the technology got to this point. I kinda get the gist of the historical progression towards why I am using next js for my project but I still am blackboxing a LOT of the processes that happen under the hood (and I suppose thats fine because I likely never will fully understand the whole process). This came about because I started questioning why I had to install certain plugins to use `@svgr/core` (namely:  `@svgr/plugin-jsx` and `@svgr/plugin-svgo`), 

I noticed I've kinda been just copy pasting code without really giving it a go myself for this part and so I'll tell the AI with future prompts to not give the code out-right (unless prompted to), but instead to give the pseudo-code (explaining each step along the way) as well as information about any changes (or additions) that need to be made to the file structure of the project. (oh yeah a lil prompt engineering geared towards learning)

Onto what I'm actually going to do about it... I was taught (by AI ofc), about how using a **'CLI-driven generation pattern'**. It takes place at the 'build-time' of the application (or something) through the use of a script we make that uses the `@svgr/core` package to generate tsx components from our corresponding SVGs. I just imported the code provided, tried to understand it, and so now it prob doesn't work (i haven't tested). I'll work more on this next time.
