---
title: Using AI. and details.
date: 2026-03-19
---

I was watching a [fireship video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xn-gtHDsaPY) and he mentions that the CEO of [Replit](https://replit.com/) thinks knowing how to code is a disadvantage. Implying that getting engrossed in the details distracts from productivity- specially when rather than taking the time to understand, you can just produce. Specially in regards to this website, I could've built it easily with AI but that would defeat the purpose. However, industry leaders- like the aforementioned Replit CEO- imply that they prefer the efficiency to understanding. Because thats how you sell (I think). But understanding gives way to creativity (imo).

Well onto how I used AI for this project; I am now going to always give coding a go before consulting AI. When it comes to direction I will present my ideas to AI (unless I know for sure that they'll work). And now, after asking AI for a review on my file structure, I will re-organise things in accordance.

**Update:** I finally got the SVGs working HOOO MY GOODNESS. Using AI in this way was very frustrating because of the amount of trying I had to do by myself and my stubbornness to keep trying without any prompts. BUT I GOT IT DONE. AND I RE-ORGANISED THE FILES. AHHH satisfaction. A big hurdle was my lack of understanding on exporting and importing components (its definitely something I'll look into more).

I did get another idea though. Dark and light modes: but ANIMATED by literally swiping a sun away in the background or the moon away in the background! I need to make it subtle still but yeaur! 
