---
title: Progress, Big dreams and AI reliance
date: 2026-04-16
tags: [portfolio-website, webdev]
---
Today I just did the project cards. It took we a while but I made it!! A humbling experience but one that taught me a lot. However, I am pretty guilty that AI autocomplete just lwkenuenly gave me the solutions I was thinking of on the fly. And in addition to that, I consulted claude a LOT for understanding and exploring the implementation.

When working with AI I always give it a good go and instruct the AI never to give me outright code, but to give me a thought process and pseudo code. But like ai autocomplete just implements this so quickly as soon as I start typing. It's crazy. 

Welp anyways, I'm not really satisfied with how they look and am gonna have to work on it a bit more. These are some things I want to work on with the project stuffs:
* Adding a way to signify if a project has a blog (in the website)
* 'Blacklisting' certain repos (like my github profile config)
* Making the clicking action on the project tile to redirect to a dedicated page for that project

and things I want to work on in general:
* Get a map api of sydney, and its time on hover of sydney in profile
* make the download for my resume actually work
* make a 'education and experience' section (that pulls information from a json where I store all relevant information)
    * HOLD AWN why do i have a good idea: hear me out, a website that gets your resume and the relevant information, stores it in a json, and reshapes it into different designs from other users???? ehh??? sounds a bit difficult.
* footer
* more about me section
* of COURSE the theme switcher (day/night)
* Transition animations between pages and just little blips of it wherever
